.TH OPENBAZAAR 1 "Apr 2015" "OpenBazaar 0.4.0"


.SH NAME

openbazaar \- OpenBazaar (Decentralized p2p marketplace)


.SH SYNOPSIS
openbazaar [options] <command>


.SH DESCRIPTION

\fBOpenBazaar\fR is an open source project to create a decentralized
network for commerce online (using Bitcoin) that has no fees and
cannot be censored.


.SH COMMANDS

.IP "\fBstart\fR"
Start OpenBazaar
.br
.IP "\fBstop\fR"
Stop OpenBazaar
.br
.IP "\fBhelp\fR"
Output help


.SH OPTIONS

.IP "\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-server\-ip <ip address>\fR"
Server public IP
.br
Notes:
  * Default value will be the external ip your network configuration exposes to the internet.
  * If '--disable-stun-check' is used and you don't specify '--server-ip' OpenBazaar
    will refuse to start unless you are on development mode ('--dev-mode').

.IP "\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-server\-port <port number>\fR"
Server public (P2P) port
.br
Notes:
  * Default value will be an arbitrary port number set by a STUN server check.
  * If '--disable-stun-check' is used, default value will be port 12345.
  * If you don't specify '--disable-stun-check' this number will be overwritten
    by the port number obtained via STUN check.


.IP "\fB\-k\fR, \fB\-\-http\-ip <ip address>\fR"
Web interface IP (default 127.0.0.1; use 0.0.0.0 for any)

.IP "\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-http\-port <port number>\fR"
Web interface port (-1 = random by default)

.IP "\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-log <file path>\fR"
Log file path (default 'logs/production.log')

.IP "\fB\-\-log\-level <level>\fR"
Log verbosity level (default: 30 - WARNING).
.br
Expected <level> values are:
.br
  0 - NOT SET
.br
  5 - DATADUMP
.br
  10 - DEBUG
.br
  20 - INFO
.br
  30 - WARNING
.br
  40 - ERROR
.br
  50 - CRITICAL

.IP "\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-dev\-mode\fR"
Enable development mode

.IP "\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-dev\-nodes\fR"
Number of dev nodes to start up

.IP "\fB\-\-db\-path\fR"
Database file path. (default 'db/od.db')

.IP "\fB\-\-disable\-sqlite\-crypt\fR"
Disable encryption on sqlite database

.IP "\fB\-\-bm\-user\fR"
Bitmessage API username

.IP "\fB\-\-bm\-pass\fR"
Bitmessage API password

.IP "\fB\-\-bm\-port\fR"
Bitmessage API port

.IP "\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-market\-id\fR"
Market ID

.IP "\fB\-j\fR, \fB\-\-disable\-upnp\fR"
Disable automatic UPnP port mappings

.IP "\fB\-\-disable\-stun\-check\fR"
Disable automatic server port setting via STUN servers (NAT Punching attempt)

.IP "\fB\-S\fR, \fB\-\-seed\-mode\fR"
Enable seed mode

.IP "\fB\-\-disable\-open\-browser\fR"
Don't open preferred web browser automatically on start

.IP "\fB\-\-config\-file\fR"
Disk path to an OpenBazaar configuration file

.IP "\fB\-\-enable\-ip\-checker\fR"
Enable periodic IP address checking.
.br
Useful in case you expect your IP to change rapidly.


.SH SEE ALSO

For more information on the usage of the program visit
<https://openbazaar.org/>

OpenBazaar home page: <https://openbazaar.org/>
.br
OpenBazaar GitHub: <https://github.com/OpenBazaar/OpenBazaar>


.SH AUTHOR

OpenBazaar is written by the OpenBazaar Team <project@openbazaar.org>
.br
This manual page was written by Angel Leon <gubatron@openbazaar.org> and Abderraouf Adjal.


.SH COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2014 OpenBazaar Developers

License: OpenBazaar is licensed under the MIT license.
